{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Arial;}}\f0\fs24 \b 1-2-4-ALL - COMBINED SESSION RESULTS\b0 \line Hosted by: facilitator@example.com \line Closed at: 2026-05-19 14:30 \line \line ========================== \line \b alice@example.com (host)\b0 \line \b Question One: \b0 \line I think the biggest challenge we face is communication across teams. We need clearer channels and more regular touchpoints to make sure everyone is aligned on priorities. \line \b Question Two: \b0 \line A structured weekly check-in with a shared agenda would help enormously. Short, focused, and consistent. \line \line -------------------------- \line \b bob@example.com\b0 \line \b Question One: \b0 \line Resource allocation is the core issue. We often start projects without enough clarity on who owns what, which leads to duplicated effort or things falling through the cracks. \line \b Question Two: \b0 \line A simple RACI chart agreed at project kickoff would reduce confusion. It doesn\rquote t need to be complex \emdash just clear. \line \line -------------------------- \line \b carol@example.com\b0 \line \b Question One: \b0 \line I\rquote d highlight the lack of psychological safety in some team meetings. People hold back ideas because they aren\rquote t sure how they\rquote ll be received. \line \b Question Two: \b0 \line Starting meetings with a brief check-in round \emdash just one sentence from each person \emdash can shift the tone and make it safer to speak up. \line \line -------------------------- \line }